and my dad used to work at the
paper mill, but then he had an accident,
so now he's a full-time couch potato.
Can't wait to get
out of this shitty town.
You must have been to a lot of
places traveling with a famous mom.
Not really.
My dad's more of the traveler anyway.
We used to have this big plan,
but we were going to visit
the top 10 creepiest places on Earth,
so Tower of London and Dracula's Castle,
and then we never
got the chance to do it.
What happened?
A boat accident.
Yeah, they searched the Amazon
for a week, and they never found his boat.
You're really missing.
Yeah.
You know, I at least would have
liked to have gotten the chance to say goodbye.
But can your mom, I
don't know, like contact him or...?
She claims she can't even see him.
Why not?
Because she's a fraud.